Add upcoming changes with deprecation notification (#657)
run-ai/docs: docs/home/whats-new-2-16.md

#### OpenShift Support

* Updated installation prerequisites. For more information, see [Kubernetes support matrix](../admin/runai-setup/cluster-setup/cluster-prerequisites.md#releases). -->

## Upcoming Changes

### Project migration

* In a future release, Run:ai will be deprecating the migration of projects between departments. This affects:
  

>     * API&mdash;the `departmentId` field will be marked as deprecated in the `projects` endpoint.

Reviewer: ...will be marked deprecated in the 'PUT /projects' endpoint

Author: @lavianalon only the `put`? what about other endpoints in the projects category? Because I see that `post` has it as well. 
```suggestion
    * API&mdash;the `departmentId` field will be marked as deprecated in both `put` and `post` endpoints in the `projects` category.
```

#### OpenShift Support

* Updated installation prerequisites. For more information, see [Kubernetes support matrix](../admin/runai-setup/cluster-setup/cluster-prerequisites.md#releases). -->

## Deprecation Notifications

Deprecation notifications allow you to plan for future changes in the Run:ai Platform. Deprecated features will be available for **two** versions ahead of the notification. For questions, see your Run:ai representative.

### Project migration

* Run:ai will be deprecating the migration of projects between departments. This affects:
  

>     * API&mdash;the `departmentId` field will be marked as deprecated in the `projects` endpoint.

Author: @lavianalon
Sorry the comment system in VSCode erased the previous ones. Let's try this:
```suggestion
    * API&mdash;the `departmentId` field will be marked as deprecated in the`put` endpoint in the `projects` category.
```
